session we deal with the concept of
memmer's now a memo is communication
usually used internally why internally
because there is much less format in a
memo it's not like an official letter
with these dates and specific protocol
and formulas for the memory you
basically say who it's from whom its to
what the subject is and your bullet
point the number of things I must say
email is probably taken over most memos
people use email they don't use memos
anymore
the good thing of a memories that you
can take it to a meeting you can print
it out you can stick it up on your wall
but then again you can do the same with
it with email now it's good to know the
theory of memos and how to write memos
because that would make your own right
very emails in essence the email is also
then a memo here's a good example of a
template for a memo I've taken the state
a template from Microsoft Word it's
available on most of the Microsoft Word
versions let's go go through it it's got
all the basic stuff and all the stuff
that you really need to write a good
memo the first thing is your company
name on the right top hand side it's
very good if people know whom you're
representing so it's good to have the
company name there it's got the word
memory which tells the person who's
receiving this the receiver that this is
not a detailed letter or report this is
just a memo in other words it's
something which reminds me of something
or it's something that basically tells
me shortly about something that's
concise
then there's the recipient time your
receiver who is this going to your name
from whom is this coming CC who do you
want to inform but you know it's not
necessarily directed to this person we
have dealt with the issue of carbon
copying earlier the word carbon copy
came from early times when we put a
carbon copy between two papers so that
we could make a copy of something that
became a word for saying well we're
referring it to somebody but it's not
directly it's not the regional person or
the person to whom its directed then the
date very important I see many members
without dates this would probably become
the most important thing at the latest
stage when your memo becomes relevant
when was this written
then of course the subject line what is
this about and then you type your memo
when typing your memo be short be
concise try not to use nonsense words
and nonsense word would be something
like how are you get to the point a
memory is there to be precise to be
concise to have short sentences bullet
points is always very good for a memo
and that's basically it there's a lot of
templates and your company would
probably have some templates in this
regard as well lastly we talked about
the structure of memos well the
structure of members is basically that
memos do not have structures and that's
why they called memos they should be the
heading you should know to whom this
memo is going this you should know from
where it's coming and it should be short
and concise that's why it's a memo
another official letter so the structure
will depend from company to company and
it would probably be prescribed and
there would be templates for it enjoy
the next session